after a first try more or less
successful with the golf more volkswagen
launches a new minivan derivative of the
more dynamic golf the sport fans with
this model the builder we hear
a little more with the image of the finger
our classic spaces and even blocks
an almost sporting vocation which is
especially check in the style of the car
but also on the road as we
let's see him side dimensions the
sportsman and 14 cm longer golf course 5
strong 20 cm wider and very
effective note in passing the optics to
the new form that will end up
on the volkswagen had on board
the presentation is quite far from the
classic minivan with a board of
very vertical edge and a lever of
speed placed low finish quality
is difficult to criticize in
on the other hand lovers of modularity
will remain on their hunger
apart from some storage here and there
and a sliding bench in two
parts the German does not show up
as clever as many of his
rivals the leg room however is
remarkable when the bench and
back up and the trunk
correct watch with 500 to 1500 liters
volume according to the position of this one
equipment side the sportsman offers the
same optional endowment as the left
the machine can go very far in
material technology connectivity
and active security to note by
elsewhere the presence of the system of
seasonal emergency braking if there is
a domain well
volkswagen does not lie it's about
road capabilities of this model as
other variants of golf
he is resting on the platform and no longer
nothing to do with a touran groland his
weight to these contents etc suspension well
calibrated other and agile very close to
that of a single the 6th of the heart and the
slightly higher role betray the
silhouette on and even events without
the damping controlled optional to 1035
euros cash movements remains
control and comfort proves correct
as for the elite 6 tdi 110 horses he
gives satisfaction in its approval
as in his performances
the manual gearbox 5
reports and properly staged and its
deflections are pleasant
the unconditional automatisms him
will prefer double order
clutch for a fee of 1881
consumption side we removed a
little more than 6 liters to 100 by adopting
a driving yet energy intensive
with the sportsman volkswagen hears
rearrange its range of minivans the
touran will soon be replaced by a
new larger grind while
the sport valves for represents
now the offer get involved side
Rates count on a surcharge of 1700
euros compared to a golf course either 28
thousand euros for our version
tdi 110 comfortline well equipped